Hey everybody, I'm just going to get
right to it. I have a little
eleven-minute
clip here of everything that I've
prophesied about Israel and the
acceleration of the Jonathan and
David relationship. The Lord pointed
me to the week of the Super Bowl and
said, 'Watch the week of the Super
Bowl.'I
kept telling everybody in the past
videos
that
it's going to be a great
acceleration around the Super Bowl.
What I have seen in the last
forty-eight
hours, just praying over things in this
fasting time that I've had with the Lord,
He showed me that this
time right
now—from
Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday—would be
a time of great
alignments in the
spirit. We are seeing that right now
in Washington, with the United States
saying, 'Hey, we're going to take over
Gaza,'which
I don't know about.
I'm just saying I'm praying over that
because the land should only belong
to Israel in my opinion. The United
States is saying they're occupying; I
haven't got to read into that yet all
the way to say if we're truly saying what
we're saying or if this is like a
partnership, kind of like a
friendship, like
this Jonathan and David type of
relationship. When this happened, I
saw a three-strand cord that is not
easily broken. I saw covenants
being made, and as we bless the land of
Israel, I saw great financial prosperity
coming on America for a season. This
is whenever you're
seeing in part and hearing in part, and whenever
there's a depth perception in the spirit
realm. I
warned you all about the Red Dawn; I
told you there
are
people within
our government that are not
good, who have been hired as spies.
I'm
trying to be discreet,
but I'm just saying there are things
we need to pray about on our
YouTube prayer channel here to
take our authority and keep
protecting President Trump
and
his family. Now he says he's going to
the Super Bowl, and I told everybody,
'Watch the Super Bowl.'I've had a check
about the Super Bowl, but it hasn't been
very intense as of the last
two days. It was intense
about a week ago, and I was
talking to somebody on the phone who
asked
what I was praying about.
I said the Super Bowl. I don't
understand why, but it's about the Super
Bowl again, so I'm interceding for the
Super Bowl. They said they
were
feeling something about it too.
Like I
said, it's not as intense,
and I know I'm talking
fast because I have a lot to say.
You'll see this in this video: when
the spirit of the Lord comes on me, I
feel pulses. It's an intensity of
how serious of a timeframe we're
looking at and how
imminent it is. The
more I feel that urgency, I pray
into it in tongues
and I just ask the Lord to give me more
sight to see into it. If I need to
know anything, warn me of things to
come; that's what I do as a watchman
on the wall.
What you're about to see
are
things that I have been praying over for
the last six months or so about Israel,
the Jonathan relationship, and
praying over the
Strait—the
passageway where all the
oil tankers come through—and praying
over
strategic strikes against Iran
to make them where they don't have
nuclear capabilities.
Thank you for watching this;
I hope this blesses you all.
Right after that, I'm going to tell you
all about the Dinar and what the Lord
has showed me. I saw in the land of
prophecies,
Israel, and in that sea where Israel
owns a massive
reservoir
of oil and natural gas
that will be tapped into;
it's worth
billions and billions over the
next four years.
Great financial wealth will flow through
Israel. I saw their agriculture; I saw
fruit the size of, like, ginormous. I
don't know if they're oranges—I don't
even know if they grow oranges,
folks—but
I saw fruit that was ginormous
and
vegetables that were beautiful and
healthy. The Lord said it's the
Abrahamic Covenant, a supernatural
breathing on it, an evidence
showing that God is God
over Israel. It will come through
blessing, favor, and wealth as America
backs it, and favor and blessing and
wealth come on America. I saw the
founding fathers making a
covenant
with the
Father. There were two sides of the
covenant: this side was their side of
promises where they would make
their allegiance to the Father, and the
Father's side was His side to a man.
It was great and strong on the Father's
side because He's always held up His
agreement. It was strong like a tie
in the spirit realm, and I could
see it through time. I could see
George Washington and all the great
men—the
pilgrims at
Plymouth
Rock—making
that covenant with the Father.
It looked
like blood, a blood
covenant, with strands of muscle
and tissue that made it bound together.
The Father's side
was strong and has never altered,
but we have entered into
compromise. There were barely even
just a few threads left before
that covenant was
broken—basically
a breach of
contract because we did not hold up our
end of the agreement. But the Father's
side was
completely strong.
I
saw as Donald Trump made an alliance
with Israel, it saved the contract
because it blessed Israel. As the
covenant made with us in America
was
getting weaker,
God had every
right to cut it completely,
but
He
is rich in mercy.
When
Donald Trump comes in, I saw
him bridge the gap of the covenant of
our founding fathers to make it strong
by blessing Israel.
We did not hold
our agreement to be one nation
under God like we should have; we've let
compromise in and done things that
have been ungodly with all
kinds of parties, Republican and Democrat.
It
has
been
several
decades of
faulty leadership. It's like a
third layer grew on top, and
it was a
golden glowing thread as we bless Israel
that made us have a lifeline over
America. Because
it's a
three-strand
cord,
it made it a
strong
covenant again.
It's like a Jonathan and
David relationship about to happen with Israel
and America.
This is going
to be a different relationship than
we've ever seen before between Benjamin
Netanyahu and Donald Trump. The
moment Trump is inaugurated on the 20th,
I saw him come out like a lion and I saw
strategic plans of taking out key select
targets in the Middle East
within a small span of time. I'm talking
about
using the military like a
chess
game, and I saw Iran crippled financially.
A great
setback is coming to Iran
regarding
their nuclear capabilities
and
technology.
I saw weapons that the United
States has never used before
in
battle
being
used
against
foreign
adversaries.
I saw a heavy military
presence—aircraft
carriers
and
battleships—in
the Mediterranean and around
the oceans there as an intimidation
like you've never seen before in that
Strait
where they're always
picking on those ships.
The
respect that America has lost with our
foreign adversaries over the last four
years is going to be restored. We have been the laughingstock of
the world, but when he comes in,
respect will be restored back to America.
It's
a type and shadow of Ronald
Reagan coming back into power, but
even stronger.
People are going
to take America serious again.
We are going
to have to pray for
protection around him, but
a major bulldog is coming on
the scene, more
aggressive than he was his first
four years. I saw him hitting strategic
targets in Iran and Syria.
It's going to look like shock and awe.
I saw a cracking of a
whip over the Middle East
and
strategic
alliances being formed.
It is
like a sign in
a window saying,
'We're back in
business.'I'm
talking drill baby
drill—you're
going to see oil like you've
never seen it before.
You're going to see pipelines
being established
and
people who were
laid off
getting
their
jobs back.
It's about
putting America first and a
return of
patriotism. When
I was praying, the Lord showed me that
the Third Temple is about to
be built and that
Trump will have a major part in bringing
forth the peace accord with Saudi Arabia
and other nations.
Well, good morning family. I'm
wearing the same thing I wore yesterday because
these
are
back-to-back
videos.
I want to tell you
what the Lord told me about the Dinar.
I was just praying
while
getting
barbecue
at the drive-thru,
and all of a
sudden the Lord said, 'I want to talk to
you about what's coming with the Iraqi Dinar.'I
said,
'get the
recorder,'and
my son grabbed it
and
my wife started
praying. The Lord said,
'Brandon, this is about to
take
place.'I
saw
a
reinstatement
of
the
Dinar
bringing value
and
a wealth transfer for the
people. But He said
they are going to sucker-punch
you at
the banks with the
spread, which
is
the fee
they're going to charge to
try
to rip you off. I saw a
rate that was smaller than what
people were going to be happy with,
because you've been told big rates like
the old three-dollar rate.
The Lord told me that
many
would say, 'I'll
only
cash in some and
wait
for
it
to go up
more.'Do
not do
this.
I saw that
people would sit on their Dinar and they
would lose it
all
because
it was a small
window
of opportunity to exchange.
The Lord
said, 'Pay your taxes.
Do not try to
cheat the
government.'You
will make a big mistake if you spend
the
money and say you'll pay it
later.
I
saw brothers and sisters from the body
of Christ who were foolish and spent it all,
then went to prison because
they
didn't
pay
the
taxes.
Remember Richard
Hatch who won
Survivor and went
to
prison for it? It's not a game.
Give to Caesar what is
Caesar's
and be thankful for
the blessing.
For
some of you, this will be
startup money to do something
greater.
I saw a
windfall
for a lot of
families, things you've been
believing for happening in
a 'suddenly.'It
will
happen
overnight in a twenty-four-hour period.
It
will be a time of great blessing but
also disappointing for
some
because of
a
vision of
grandeur,
expecting twenty million
and
walking
away with one million.
You can't get discouraged about a
million dollars!
The Lord said to
be
thankful
and ask the
Holy Spirit to breathe on it. I
saw
that
waiting
for
a
higher
rate
would be
a
trap.
I study crypto a lot now
and
I pray
for wisdom.
I told
Diana to study it
too. Who
is involved
in
this?
Brad
Garlinghouse,
or whatever his name is—Brad
Garlinghouse.
Who is
this from XRP or XLM?
Study to
show thyself approved.
The Lord said this is
blood money; many men and women in
the armed forces died
for
Iraqi
freedom
and
stability.
Do not take it lightly.
We honor the
sacrifice
of
the families
and
the
military
members.
If this doesn't witness with you
and you're expecting
a hundred
million, then God
bless you, but don't say I didn't tell
you so.
I
diversify
my eggs
so I'm not disappointed.
I'm
looking to Jesus
to
supply my needs according to
His riches and glory. Don't
try to
box God
in;
He has
a
million
ways
to
get
a
blessing to you.
Father, I thank
You for all my brothers and sisters.
We lift them up before You. We thank You
that You are the God of more than
enough.
I'm not going to be a spoiled brat who wanted a Ferrari and got a Porsche; we are grateful for all You have
done.
We call healing and
wholeness over every
person today,
from the top of their
head to the soles of their feet.
We pray over President Trump and
the decisions he
is
making with
tariffs,
that
You
lead
him with a
Solomon-type
anointing.
We pray for divine protection over
his
family.
We thank You
that he would pressure
this to happen with the Iraqi Dinar
for the body of Christ.
We
uncover every plot
of the wicked
and
any 'Red
Dawn'experience
they would try to
carry
out.
I thank You
for revival
and
the greatest harvest of
souls the world has ever seen.
Lord,
You
said
judgment begins in the house of the
Lord
and
You're
cleaning house
to awaken the
people. I
call
for
healing
over bodies, for
cancers, diabetes,
and
high blood
pressure.
I
call for healing over
dementia, Alzheimer's, and autism. I speak to glaucoma and cataracts and say,
'Eyes, line up in the name of Jesus.'I
call for
ears
to
pop
open.
I
speak to
teeth
and
gums
for
gingivitis
to be healed. I say in the name of Jesus,
this gum
disease is healed.
I
thank You
for
a creative miracle
where
teeth
were
falling out.
You say that's impossible? All
things are possible to him who
believes.
You say, 'Well, I've already
had a denture.'No, He'll give new
ones.
I
call for healing over
flat
feet
and
painful
arches.
I
thank You
for
promotions and management positions.
We take
authority over poverty
and
lack; this
is
the season
of
overflow.
I call
the flu healed and
whole—bird
flu, swine flu, it
doesn't
matter.
I
command
the
flu
to
go.
I
call
stomach viruses and fevers to
break. I
call
for
a
refreshing over the homes and the mothers
who are tired from
taking care of
sick babies.
Shake off
the
depression and
anxiety; let Jesus fill
you with joy.
Diana
and
I
agree
that
your
children are whole
and
well.
We
lift
up
the single dads
and
the grandparents
raising grandchildren.
God
is
going to give you
grace to finish it.
Be refilled
with the fire
and
glory
today. Jesus said, 'Come unto me all ye
that are heavy laden and I will give
you
rest.'His
yoke is easy and his burden is
light.
We pray
this video blessed you.
It's for
entertainment purposes only,
but
pray over it and
see what the Lord tells you.
Click the likes and the
notification button.
We're growing to over 500,000 now.
Put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart.
God bless you all and
we will see you soon. Bye-bye.